hello guys it's Lussier from tech
explosion to have an unboxing of a brand
new products from Sunbeam now Sunbeam
tech actually contacted me for a review
of this product and of course I was very
eager to try it out so here it is this
is the brand-new real smart 6 band
controller you can see there it says in
a smart way of cooling and controlling
your fans and air flow now this thing
does have six channels so you can't
control up to six fans one of the main
features is as you can see here from
this diagram is that it does have PWM
control see if you guys can read this
here so as you guys can see there we
have the diagram it does have PWM
control six channels manual control as
well as a PWM control and it has a max
output of 30 watts per channel so this
is a pretty fairly hefty spect fan of
controller and we will be putting into
his test to see if it does actually
perform very well and the PWM function
as well as the manual function around
the box here we have a sunbeam name up
top we have the name of the fan
controller as well the sunbeam logo
again sunbeam tech again and on the back
we have the same features but we also
have these specifications for the fan
controller so go ahead and zoom in here
you guys can check these out and now
let's go ahead and actually open up the
box here go ahead and pull this box out
we have a white box open this up and
first off and here we have the user's
manual for the real smart 6 fan
controller further under the users
matter we have the controller itself and
on the right hand side here we have some
cables you see we have some two pins of
three pin headers we have some mullets
adapters several of these two to three
pins more cables more molex adapters and
once again get some more cables so has
plenty of cables included with the fan
controller for all the fan
configurations that you may need and
here's the main attraction the fat
controller itself I it's very
necessarily have a piece of protective
foam on the bottom we to protect all the
circuitry for the fan controller
I will note that this is a very very
nice touch here you can see that the
aluminum is actually brushed metal
painted black most fat controllers
actually keep this in the gray color
which I think looks horrible this
actually looks very very nice and the
front of course does have some metal
mesh which looks great and would go
along with certain cases such as the
cooler master cases that have the mesh
the buns are also brushed metal look
fantastic you can see we have some LEDs
on top and some switches on the bottom
I'm pretty sure that this controls the
PWM or manual control function and of
course you have the knobs you can rotate
to lower and raise the fan speed please
check out sunbeam techcom they're kind
of send this product or for review so
once again guys leave your comments and
thoughts down below and stay tuned to
the channel and be sure to check out
tank explosion net as I will try to post
a review of this product to go along
with the video review once it is
released